otherwise
How could a stubborn child of his know medicine?
God loves humility
Then suddenly reject people thousands of miles away
That is to say, all this is unknown to Suze
Right.
After he framed me and ruined me like this
You can have humility
I said how did you suddenly fall in love with me
Fell in love with me
So you are jealous for the sake of competing
You've been treating me like a fool and playing with snow
I really don't want to explain right now
But all I can say is that I'm not afraid to lean back
Money has said so, of course you have nothing to say
I don't need to explain to you
I just want to solve the land problem now
Of course you can solve it.
Isn't the problem here created by you?
If Qianqian's conscience hadn't discovered and exposed you
I'm about to be framed to death by you
So think about that.
I am a poor boy
Are you so capable of making all this?
Brother Ye, end it all
I'll go home with you.
Can you stop talking nonsense?
Where am I going home with you?
I'll say it again.
I can never
To be jealous of a woman and do these things
People who understand me
Of course I don't need an explanation
How can I trust you?
Super simp
Suddenly move on
Only for me
I foolishly believe
Deceive my feelings for you